Update `.. warning` on NumPy in-place operations with views (#486)
scipy-lectures/scipy-lecture-notes: intro/numpy/operations.rst

           [1.,  1.,  0.]])

.. warning:: **In-place operations with views**

    The transpose returns a view of the original array. What happens when
    attempting to perform an *in-place* operation on a *view*? For example::

        >>> a += a.T

    Prior to NumPy version 1.13, in-place operations with views could result in
    **incorrect** results for large arrays.
    Since :doc:`version 1.13 <numpy:release/1.13.0-notes>`,
    NumPy includes checks for *memory overlap* to 
    guarantee that results for cases like the above are consistent with the
    non in-place version (e.g. ``a = a + a.T``).

>     Note however that this may require the data to be copied, 

Reviewer: "require" makes it sound like the user has to do something. Perhaps:

```suggestion
    Note however that this may result in the data being copied (as if using `a += a.T.copy()`), 
```

Author: Agreed - I had been trying to avoid using "result in" several times in a row. I've applied your suggestion but also kept the last part of the paragraph (starting with "ultimately...") to drive home the point that memory usage might be higher than expected for these cases. LMK if you think it's redundant now that the `a += a.T.copy()` example is in.
